subjectid: person id observed, (1-30)
activity: activity names: "WALKING", "WALKING_UPSTAIRS", "WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS", "SITTING", "STANDING", LAYING"
WALKING (value 1): subject was walking during the test
WALKING_UPSTAIRS (value 2): subject was walking up a staircase during the test
WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS (value 3): subject was walking down a staircase during the test
SITTING (value 4): subject was sitting during the test
STANDING (value 5): subject was standing during the test
LAYING (value 6): subject was laying down during the test

Other parameters in final.txt

tBodyAcc-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration in x direction
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration in Y direction
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration in Z direction
tGravityAcc-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value time doman Gravity Accelrationin x direction
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value time doman Gravity Accelrationin Y direction
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value time doman Gravity Accelrationin Z direction
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration Jerk in x direction
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration Jerk in Y direction
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration Jerk in Z direction
tBodyGyro-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro in x direction
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro in Y direction
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro in Z direction
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro Jerk signal in x direction
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro Jerk signal in Y direction
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro Jerk signal in Z direction
tBodyAccMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration magnitude
tGravityAccMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value time doman Gravity Accelration magnitude
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Accelration jerk magnitude
tBodyGyroMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro magnitude
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value time doman Body Gyro Jerk magnitude
fBodyAcc-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration in x direction
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration in Y direction
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration in Z direction
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration in x direction
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration in Y direction
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration in Z direction
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in x direction
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in Y direction
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in Z direction
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in x direction
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in Y direction
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in Z direction
fBodyGyro-mean()-X	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Gyro in x direction
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Gyro in Y direction
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Gyro in Z direction
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Gyro in x direction
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Gyro in Y direction
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Gyro in Z direction
fBodyAccMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration magnitude
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration magnitude
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Accelration jerk magnitude
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Accelration jerk magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Body Gyro magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Body Gyro magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	Average of Mean Value frequency domainBody Body Gyro jerk magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()	Average of Mean frequency domainBody Body Gyro jerk magnitude
tBodyAcc-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration in x direction
tBodyAcc-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration in Y direction
tBodyAcc-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration in Z direction
tGravityAcc-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation time doman Gravity Accelrationin x direction
tGravityAcc-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation time doman Gravity Accelrationin Y direction
tGravityAcc-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation time doman Gravity Accelrationin Z direction
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration Jerk in x direction
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration Jerk in Y direction
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration Jerk in Z direction
tBodyGyro-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro in x direction
tBodyGyro-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro in Y direction
tBodyGyro-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro in Z direction
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro Jerk signal in x direction
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro Jerk signal in Y direction
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro Jerk signal in Z direction
tBodyAccMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration magnitude
tGravityAccMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation time doman Gravity Accelration magnitude
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Accelration jerk magnitude
tBodyGyroMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro magnitude
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation time doman Body Gyro Jerk magnitude
fBodyAcc-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration in x direction
fBodyAcc-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration in Y direction
fBodyAcc-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration in Z direction
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in x direction
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in Y direction
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration Jerk in Z direction
fBodyGyro-std()-X	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Gyro in x direction
fBodyGyro-std()-Y	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Gyro in Y direction
fBodyGyro-std()-Z	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Gyro in Z direction
fBodyAccMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration magnitude
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Accelration jerk magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Body Gyro magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	Average of Standard deviation frequency domainBody Body Gyro jerk magnitude
